README.md, before:

# bot4

Trading bot sample project using CCXT and XGBoost.

The codebase works with **Python 3.11** and relies on the `ta-lib` Python
package (version `0.6.3`). Make sure you install dependencies from
`requirements.txt` rather than the similarly named `TA-Lib` package which may
lead to import errors.

## Setup

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage

Edit `config.json` with your API credentials then run:

```bash
python main.py
```

Modes available via the `mode` key in `config.json`:

* `live` - run the strategy in real time
* `train` - update the model using logged trades
* `backtest` - replay trades to evaluate performance

### New options

* `min_ai_confidence` - probability threshold (0-1) required by the AI model to allow an entry
* Spread and depth are automatically checked before orders to avoid poor fills

## Sample data

Example trade logs are stored in the `data/` directory. The scripts
expect `data/trade_log.csv` to exist and will append new entries to it.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

Commit message:

docs: clarify backtest data requirement

README.md, after:

# bot4

Trading bot sample project using CCXT and XGBoost.

The codebase works with **Python 3.11** and relies on the `ta-lib` Python
package (version `0.6.3`). Make sure you install dependencies from
`requirements.txt` rather than the similarly named `TA-Lib` package which may
lead to import errors.

## Setup

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage

Edit `config.json` with your API credentials then run:

```bash
python main.py
```

Modes available via the `mode` key in `config.json`:

* `live` - run the strategy in real time
* `train` - update the model using logged trades
* `backtest` - replay trades to evaluate performance

### New options

* `min_ai_confidence` - probability threshold (0-1) required by the AI model to allow an entry
* Spread and depth are automatically checked before orders to avoid poor fills

## Sample data

Example trade logs are stored in the `data/` directory. The scripts
expect `data/trade_log.csv` to exist and will append new entries to it.
Backtests require data in this file; if it's empty the results will also be empty.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.
